Add information about the surface coordinate system to the terminology section (#364)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/core/terminology.md

    - example: `(0.5, 0.5)` (image center)
- **3D Camera Space**:
    - origin: center of the camera
    - does not include lens distortion 
    - no boundaries
    - example: `(0, 0, 1)` (a point on the optical axis)

[Reference](https://docs.opencv.org/2.4/modules/calib3d/doc/camera_calibration_and_3d_reconstruction.html).
You can use the _Camera Intrinsics_ to project a _3d camera location_ to _2d pixel location_, and vice versa.

### Surface (AOI) Coordinate System

> [Surfaces](/core/software/pupil-capture/#surface-tracking) (areas of interest, AOI) define their own local coordinate system. For each scene image that includes sufficient surface markers, the `Surface Tracker` plugin calculates the respective _transformation_ function between the scene camera and surface coordinate system. The surface preview (red rectangle overlay) uses its inner triangle to indicate `up`/`top` within the local surface coordinate system. Pupil Capture and Player automatically map gaze and fixation data to surface coordinates if a valid surface transformation is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Surfaces](/core/software/pupil-capture/#surface-tracking) - also known as areas of interest or AOIs - define their own local coordinate system. For each scene image that includes sufficient surface markers, the `Surface Tracker` plugin calculates the respective _transformation_ function between the scene camera and surface coordinate system. The surface preview (red rectangle overlay) uses its inner triangle to indicate `up`/`top` within the local surface coordinate system. Pupil Capture and Player automatically map gaze and fixation data to surface coordinates if a valid surface transformation is available.
```

The **surface-normalized** coordinates of mapped gaze/fixations have the following properties:
- origin: bottom left (pay attention to red triangle indicating surface `up`/`top` side)
- unit: surface width/height

> - does not include lens distortion

Reviewer: @papr please explain.

[Reference](https://docs.opencv.org/2.4/modules/calib3d/doc/camera_calibration_and_3d_reconstruction.html).
You can use the _Camera Intrinsics_ to project a _3d camera location_ to _2d pixel location_, and vice versa.

### Surface (AOI) Coordinate System

[Surfaces](/core/software/pupil-capture/#surface-tracking) - also known as areas of interest or AOIs - define their own local coordinate system. For each scene image that includes sufficient surface markers, the `Surface Tracker` plugin calculates the respective _transformation_ function between the scene camera and surface coordinate system. The surface preview (red rectangle overlay) uses its inner triangle to indicate `up`/`top` within the local surface coordinate system. Pupil Capture and Player automatically map gaze and fixation data to surface coordinates if a valid surface transformation is available.

The **surface-normalized** coordinates of mapped gaze/fixations have the following properties:
- origin: bottom left (pay attention to red triangle indicating surface `up`/`top` side)
- unit: surface width/height
- bounds (if gaze/fixation is on AOI):
    - `x: [0, 1], y: [0, 1]`
- example: `(0.5, 0.5)` (surface center)

> The lens distortion (camera intrinsics) are being compensated during the process of mapping data from the scene image space to the surface coordinate system. In other words, surface coordinate system is not affected by the lens distortion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lens distortion (camera intrinsics) are compensated for during the process of mapping data from the scene image space to the surface coordinate system. In other words, the surface coordinate system is not affected by scene camera lens distortion.
```
